Register and document annotations on Secret that relate to ServiceAccount (#32005)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

Kubernetes uses this label to differentiate multiple Services. Used currently for `ELB`(Elastic Load Balancer) only.

### kubernetes.io/service-account.name

Example: `kubernetes.io/service-account.name: "sa-name"`

Used on: Secret

> This annotation is used to set service account name by which the token identifies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation records the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="name" text="name">}} of the
ServiceAccount that the token (stored in the Secret) represents.
```

### kubernetes.io/service-account.uid

Example: `kubernetes.io/service-account.uid: da68f9c6-9d26-11e7-b84e-002dc52800da`

Used on: Secret

> This annotation is used to set the UID of the service account by which the token identifies.

Reviewer: Extra, recommended tweak (because some people expand “UID” to “User Identifier”) - they might thing that ServiceAccounts have a user id, rather than that _all objects_ have a unique ID.

```suggestion
This annotation records the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="uid" text="unique ID" >}} of the
ServiceAccount that the token (stored in the Secret) represents.
```

Kubernetes uses this label to differentiate multiple Services. Used currently for `ELB`(Elastic Load Balancer) only.

### kubernetes.io/service-account.name

Example: `kubernetes.io/service-account.name: "sa-name"`

> Used on: Secret

Reviewer: If so, that should be in the text and not the “Used on:” line. I'd like to keep those “Used on:” lines semi-machine-readable.

This annotation records the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="name" text="name">}} of the

> ServiceAccount that the token (stored in the Secret) represents.

Author: Hi @sftim @liggitt, "ServiceAccount that the token (stored in the Secret of type `kubernetes.io/service-account-token` ) represents"  make sense?
